feat: clawback vesting accounts can return grants to the funder (#342)
agoric-labs/cosmos-sdk: docs/core/proto-docs.md

<a name="cosmos.vesting.v1beta1.MsgReturnGrants"></a>

### MsgReturnGrants

> MsgReturnGrants defines a message for a grantee to return the unvested portion of a
> vesting grant to the funder. Currently only applies to ClawbackVesting accounts.

Reviewer: Please update for current algorithm.
```suggestion
MsgReturnGrants defines a message for a grantee to return all granted assets,
including delegated, undelegated and unbonding, vested and unvested,
are transferred to the original funder of the account. Might not be complete if
some vested assets have been transferred out of the account. Currently only applies to
ClawbackVesting accounts.
```

Author: This is a generated file, but I made the requested change upstream in `proto/cosmos/vesting/v1beta1/tx.proto`.
